gh-126085: Add `tp_iter` to TypeAliasType to allow star unpacking (#127981)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Core_and_Builtins/2024-12-15-16-56-26.gh-issue-126085.BvyEXk.rst

> Add the ``tp_iter`` slot to :class:`typing.TypeAliasType` to allow star

Reviewer: I think this would be good in a What's New so that users know they can use this form. And I would rather omit `tp_iter` and simply say that `TypeAliasType` support star unpacking (possibly with some examples in the docs?)

Author: Adding this to What's New sounds a like a good idea! I'll update the PR later today :)

> possibly with some examples in the docs?

I could add another example here: https://docs.python.org/3.14/library/typing.html#typing.TypeAliasType
using `__iter__` as a new method subsection perhaps?

Reviewer: Yes, you should also add a `.. versionchanged:: next` to indicate that the behaviour for `*alias` is now supported. Maybe not under `__iter__` but maybe as a  `.. rubric:: Unpacking` for instance (rubrics are just titles)

> Add the ``tp_iter`` slot to :class:`typing.TypeAliasType` to allow star

Reviewer 2: I'm with Bénédikt, I think we shouldn't explicitly mention the C-API-level type slot here. If we really want to mention the magic method, let's use the Python variation of it:
```suggestion
Add the :meth:`~object.__iter__` slot to :class:`typing.TypeAliasType` to allow star
```

Author: Ah, I misunderstood what Bénédikt meant :laughing: I'll leave out the method reference here as well.
